[doc] PR for Update Openshift doc with RBAC (#13002)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/configure-yugabyte-platform/set-up-cloud-provider/openshift.md

serviceaccount/yugabyte-platform-universe-management created
```

> The next step is to grant access to this service account using Roles and RoleBindings, thus allowing it to manage the YugabyteDB universe's resources for you. If you are creating clusters across multiple namespaces, you need to create Roles and RoleBindings with a cluster-admin role in each namespace where you intend to create and deploy the universe. For more information, see [RBAC resources](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/tree/master/rbac#c-platform-namespacedyaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to grant access to this service account using Roles and RoleBindings, thus allowing it to manage the YugabyteDB universe's resources for you. If you are creating clusters across multiple namespaces, you need to create Roles and RoleBindings with appropriate permissions in each namespace where you intend to create and deploy the universe. For more information, see [RBAC resources](https://github.com/yugabyte/charts/tree/master/rbac#c-platform-namespacedyaml).
```
The option we are suggesting here, i.e. the namespaced one doesn't grant cluster-admin privileges.

Author: Changed "a cluster-admin role" to "appropriate permissions"
